# BTS-ARMY-CELEBRATE-ITS-9TH-ANNIVERSARY
BTS's Ninth Anniversary  K-pop super band BTS is praising their commemoration today. Korean stars RM, Jimin, JHope, Jungkook, V, Suga, and Jin are all feeling celebratory, and their Instagram posts are confirmation of it. While Jungkook delivered another tune named "My You" every so often, RM shared a nostalgic post remembering the past times.  BTS praises the commemoration of their presentation consistently, and this year, as a piece of the continuous 2022 BTS Festa, Jung Kook offered his fans the new melody "My You," which he by and large delivered along with His Clamor. Soompi shared that the melody is dedicated to the Army. It additionally shared JK's directive for the band's fans. "When I consider every one of you, these sentiments that mix inside me are overpowering to such an extent that I have sporadically thought, 'Imagine a scenario in which all of this vanishes. For sure, assuming that this is every one of the fantasies? ‘So I composed this melody in light of those contemplations, and in light of the fact that I stressed that the tune's energy could turn out to be excessively discouraging, I attempted to fill the verses with pretty words. This tune is exclusively for you, and I trust that it will turn into a melody that can give trust, light, and solidarity to both me, who composed the tune and you, who pay attention to it. I'm consistently appreciative of the armed force, and how about we improve bunches of recollections later on? My Army, I love you, "the assertion peruses.    Numerous minutes were spent together. I am so happy we have the chance to ponder our recollections like this. “RM, Jimin, Suga, J-Trust, Jin, Jungkook, and V said each alternating saying one sentence. Whether close or far, I felt we were firmly associated through the routine. Every one of our minutes was a second with you. We are so honored to be a piece of your story. With a thankful heart, I desire to compose more stories in the future with you. The best second is on the way.  BTS took their fans through an out-of-control thrill ride of feelings with their most recent compilation discharge, in front of their ninth commemoration festivities called the "Festa". In "Confirmation," the collection takes viewers on a chronological journey through BTS' unrest over the years. Then again, the music video for the collection's title track outwardly takes its watchers through probably the most notable music video scenes of the super gathering's vocation. 'On the Way is a tribute to the nine-year excursion of BTS that ponders their past as they get ready for what's in store. The music video brings out adequate wistfulness for the Army.     Aside from 'On the Way', BTS likewise spoiled their fans with one more selective track, 'For Youth' on 'Verification'. Virtually every Army member of the military was left sad when BTS chose to begin their tune by including a short, brief snippet of 'Youthful Everlastingly' from their Wembley Arena show, where a huge number of fans present in the arena shocked the young men by singing the melody of the tune to them towards the end.  WRITTEN BY BUDDY LEE
